# Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The Gaming Room had an Android application called Draw It or Lose It in which two teams take turns guessing the answer to puzzles as clues are drawn.  They wanted to develop a web-based version of the application.  Their software requirements were that each game have the ability to have one or more teams, that each team have the ability to have one or more players, that each game and team name be unique, and that only one instance of a game exist at once.  Our role was to set up the environment to meet the requirements.

# What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
I think I did well summarizing the project and identifying the constraints.  The summary helped to flesh out the requirements of the application and how everything should work, while the constraints help to keep track of what needs to considered and to paint a picture of how things may need to be done (or how they can’t be done).

# What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
I found it helpful to summarize the project and requirements because it made me think through the application and form an initial idea of how it could be designed.  I also found it helpful to write up the domain model and explain how each class was related, where each function and attribute was and how they interact with each other.

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I think I would revise the Evaluation section.  I would try to find some examples of software design documents and further research some of the things mentioned in those examples.  My biggest problem was that I was unsure what was important to include and I often did not have much knowledge about features I did include, so I would look for trends about what kinds of things are relevant or how they work and revise my document accordingly.

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
In this case, I assumed users to be players and I considered how the user would be affected by the decisions I was making and the requirements I was given.  For example, I tried to consider how it would affect the user’s experience if I used different types of servers or memory management strategies.  It’s important to consider user needs to make sure users are protected from security and privacy threats, as well as to ensure they can enjoy the application.  It’s also important to make sure the application can support the amount of users that want to use it.

# How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
With the help of the assignments and resources presented in the class, I approached designing software by first determining which requirements and constraints I can identify with what was provided and then identifying what questions still needed to be answered and what decisions needed to be made and how they would impact the requirements I already had.  I think I would take a similar approach in the future, planning out what I do know and identifying the holes to fill in, and either asking questions or making decisions based around what I already have figured out.
